Be more permissive with explicit type in coding guidelines (#5139)
NuGet/NuGet.Client: docs/coding-guidelines.md

1. If a file happens to differ in style from these guidelines (e.g. private members are named `m_member` rather than `_member`), the existing style in that file takes precedence. Changes/refactorings are possible, but depending on the complexity, change frequency of the file, might need to be considered on their own merits in a separate pull request.

> 1. Don't use `var` when it's not obvious what the variable type is.

Reviewer: Rephrasing to avoid the double use of "not" and phrasing as more what we should do.

```suggestion
1. Explicitly state the data type, and avoid using `var`, in variable declarations where the type is not obvious.
```

    var nugetVersion = NuGetVersion.Parse("1.0.0");
    ```

    The following is incorrect:

    ```cs
    var flavor = fruit.GetFlavor();
    ```

>     The following are optional and can either use explicit type or var

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using an explicit type or `var` in the following examples are both permissible:
```
